this video consists of color of duty
pickup lines where I try to pick up some
hot bitches with my killer lines in
Julie when I'm done with you your quads
gonna be the size of a bread box don't
talk I just want to say I'll detonate
you're bouncing betty with my shock
charge yeah you're weird motherfucker
there you'll go into that chill alrighty
I'm gonna pop your cherry like I
PopCap's you're gonna what public gay
welcome okay we'll never heard some shit
like whenever I'm done with you your
butt's gonna be the size of a bread laws
oh shit how about I fuck you and leave
and we can call it a flashbang oh shit
oh okay haha that just happened gruff I
did you why don't we go to nuketown so I
can dominate your headquarters well that
that's not it sexual yeah dude I just
want you to know though my dick is like
a scorpion it shoots fast but never gets
a kill but dude my dick may be small but
it's like a hunter-killer in the bed yo
how's their jokes are getting out of
hand dude I hope you pay blood because
my predator doesn't like anything
Harrier oh my god i could give you my
new but how bout you shut the fuck up
eat my cock motherfucker shut the fuck
up yarn oh my god your knowing so no you
can't even Tom I let you talk your
fucking annoying dude I'll hammer your
piece your broke ass fuck be quiet I
hope you pay for because my predator
doesn't like anything Harrier that
wasn't funny do you just wanna know what
he's laughing you faggy try make a
better job next time dude I hope you
still my omelet because I want to see
your virginity I am the fuck that's not
good for the beautiful yo dude why don't
we got a search-and-destroy so I can
destroy that ass
oh dude you and me go together like a
target finder and a trihard oh why you
suck I know you're stewing goes from
fucking troll videos kid just your shit
nigga put a condom on your head and
blowing it is the show today bitch fuck
you scrub dude fuck you squirrel
you